# Project2
For this project, I implemented the inheritance and abstraction to tackle the various problems and calculations specified in the sample output. Initially, I implemented a Default Constructor for PosAvg(). This method is called to read the "Mesonet.txt" file which reads in a nd constrcts an array of the station names. I also created another PosAvg() constructor, this one however, assigns a given value to the private staionID variable and calls the method to read the "Mesonet.txt" file. The read() method reads in the Mesonet.txt file. After throwing out the first rows, it saves the four letter station names to the array stationArray[]. When the number of stations is equal to the total size of stationArray[] the expandArray() method is called to give the array a bigger length. This method expands the size of stationArray[] by assigning a temp array with double the size and uses a for loop to copy the values from stationArray to the new array.

To find the given stationID, the indexOfStation() method uses a for loop to iterate through the stationArray, finding the index of the stationID in the array to print. The toString() method then uses the calculated index to find the two stations before and two stations after the stationID and Returns a String po format "This index is average of <IndexBefore> and <indexAfter>, <indexBeforeBefore> and <indexAfterAfter>, and so on."

In the MesoInherit class I first implement a Mesoinherit Constructor, which takes in a mesoStation value assigning the value to the private stationID variable. This method also assigns the stationArray[] values read in from the PosAvg class. After this the letterAvg() method calculates the Ascii letter average of the stationID by creating an array of size four, each element being the character casted to a double (Ascii Value). The asciiAvg is calculated by summing the elements of the AsciiVal array and dividing by four. The calculated average is then rounded and casted to a char value, this char value is the letter average. The next method, calAverage() calculates an array of average values to return. Calculates the Ascii average of the station name by creating an array of size 4, each element being the character casted to a double (Ascii Value). The asciiAvg is calculated by summing the elements of the AsciiVal array and dividing by 4. Assigns the value at index 0 to be the average rounded up, the value at index 1 to be the average rounded down, and the value at index 2 to be the average rounded up if >.5 or down if <.5.

In the LetterAvg class I first implement a constructor for LetterAvg which takes in the char letterAvg value and calls the toString() method returning the list of stations which start with the same letter. The numberStationWithLetteravg() method calculates the number of stations which start with the letterAvg value. It Uses a for loop to iterate through the array counting if the first letter is equal to the letterAvg. Then the getValues() method iterates through the stationArray, if the stations first letter is equal to the letterAvg, the it assigns that value to a new array. Finally, the toString() method calls the getValues() method, assigning the values to an arrayList of type String, then uses a for loop to print each of the values within that array and returns the string of format " They are:\n<station>...."
